### Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 23, 2020

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your anonynous Non-Personal data and health and performance data of the Service to provide and improve the Service itself. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

+ **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
+ **Developer** (referred to as either "the Developer", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to PaZword's owner.
+ **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
+ **Website** refers to PaZword's website, accessible from [https://pazword.velersoftware.com](pazword.velersoftware.com)
+ **Service** refers to the PaZword software.
+ **Country** refers to: British Columbia, Canada.
+ **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Developer. It refers to third-party developer(s) or individuals contributor to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Developer, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Developer in analyzing how the Service is used.
+ **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
+ **Non-Personal Data** is any information that does not relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
+ **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
+ **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration that the Service takes to start).

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

#### Types of Data Collected

##### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally non-identifiable information that cannot be used to identify You. Personally non-identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

+ the Service's recovery key
+ the access token to a remote storage provider

##### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include non-identifiable information such as error messages, performance metric, ordered list of features used during the use of the Service.
Usage Data are not sent to the Developer and Service Provider.
Usgae Data are displayed in the "Logs" section in the Settings page of the Service.

#### Use of Your Personal Data

The Developer may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

+ **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
+ **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service.
+ **To contact You:** To contact You by email, only when You need to retrieve a Two-Factor Authentication PIN code without using an authentication app.

We will not share your personal information in the following, but non-exhaustive, situations:

+ **Send newsletter**
+ **Spam**
+ **Sell of information**

#### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Developer will not retain Your Personal Data online. Third-Party services like Microsoft and DropBox may keep Your encrypted Personal Data under the following condition:

+ When You explicitely sign up for synchronizing Your Personal Data with the cloud storage Service Provider.
+ When You accept their own privacy policy.

The Developer will retain Your Personal Data on your local device, under your own management.

The Developer will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. These Usage Data will not be sent to the Developer automatically. You will be able to decide when to send them by getting access to it through the "Logs" section in the Settings page of the Service.

##### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

The Developer may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

+ Comply with a legal obligation
+ Protect and defend the rights or property of the Developer
+ Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
+ Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
+ Protect against legal liability

#### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)

Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
The Developer won't be able to answer Your request if it regards a Third-Party service like Microsoft or DropBox.

If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.

### California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)

California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of the Service, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.

To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.

Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.

### GDPR Data Protection Rights

We would like to make sure You are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. You are entitled to the following:

+ **The right to access:** You have the right to request copies of Your Personal Data, if we have kept any. We may charge You a small fee for this service. The Developer won't be able to answer Your request if it regards a Third-Party service like Microsoft or DropBox.
+ **The right to rectification:** You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information You believe is incomplete. 
+ **The right to erasure:** You have the right to request that we erase Your Personal Data, under certain conditions.
+ **The right to restrict processing:** You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of Your Personal Data, under certain conditions.
+ **The right to object to processing:** You have the right to object to our processing of Your Personal Data, under certain conditions.
+ **The right to data portability:** You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If You make a request, we have one month to respond to You. If You would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Third-Party Services

Our Service allow You to use a Third-Party service like Microsoft OneDrive and DropBox. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every service You use.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party services.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

+ By visiting this page on our website: [https://www.velersoftware.com/contact.php](https://www.velersoftware.com/contact.php)
